Fortnight's live broadcast has recorded more than a million hits
Drake (singer) broke a record when he broadcast for Fort Knight
Fort Knight broke a historic record for the most watched game in a month
200 thousand views against 20,000 views
Are you paying them?
They are paid to play Fort Knight
They are paid to do it
YouTube Gaming whole Fort Knight
The whole Fort Knight
ااااااااااااااااااااااا !!!!
Hello, how are you guys?
I'm here, Biomedic
It's Biodebay
I am here to talk about my favorite game my whole life
Fortnite clearly Fortnite
I love this game
Very enjoyable
Do you know what I'm looking for in a game?
No no do not go away
That's right I prefer theft games.
Oh sorry!
I meant theft game
Now this is what the original content called!
Fortnite has become everywhere recently
I think I am the only person. I am the only person who has not played this game
So today I think we're going to play this game please do not
Wow, it looks like we will win the game
I just have to make my son Dahir this maddor around this game
* Many explosions *
* Burping *
Where is the other player?
Oh there it is!
I do not know if I can do this
* Sound of heroic fire *
Oh, I've done it (no)
Yes I did (you did not)
Oh, how much is exhilarating, (this is certainly not a mockery)
* Cut YouTube clip *
Oh, I'm sorry I did not sleep on me
Play the game
Wait, I have to play this game and not
Is the interaction of the footage pre-recorded for someone?
Instead we will interact to group
Lokia fortune game Fortnite
I prefer everyone so oh
I have to do this
I'll just joking
I will not play Fortnite
What. Do you think I'm a pathetic man?
Is that true?
Instead we will laugh at people who play Fortnite game
We start with my favorite person.
Fortinite Channel
* Ali-Ay *
This is a capital.
At their best
Get down to this
My God
All sections about Fortnite game
*Laugh*
is not it?
There are lots of stocks and there is plenty of Fortnite game
You should appreciate it
My friend
I specifically love this passage
You are learning a regular clip here
With interesting content
200,000 views
Next to him on the right side "the worst tour of Fortnite (funny).
5 million views
I think the main thing you learned about this is color.
There are a lot of radiant colors here
Because I feel if I take one of the
My usual thumbnails are scrap
You need a lot of gradient
Oh to see this
Here you look now much better
I think this is how I will do my thumbnails from now on.
We have to bring children to watch it. This is the way to do it
You just increase the color gradient / color saturation
You get kids' views
What is the second thing?
That's true
Provided that you have to bite the kids in the right place
They will not watch a clip length of 10 minutes,
If there are no bites in the section
So you should get something
T / to say the least
Happens, and just fill in the foreground
* Yooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo *
Three, two, one, shot
* Interesting optional song *
I love you
Get down to this
If you want to know what is there
Watch the full 10-minute clip
It's very epic
These rules apply to all YouTube
But I think, I think that Ali - I do it as wonderful as I can
These people are trying to steal my secret place
I do not think this is a youth
* Lots of interesting songs *
What will he do?
* Lots of dancing *
Hey
I had to watch 45 minutes to find out
This not only includes ali-i
This formula literally applies to every UTube that broadcasts or plays this game
My God
What was he doing?
Well we are on the top 10 list
*Shooting*
My God
How did you kill him?
Wu and seven players are still alive
* Play music * Baghdad?
Brad and Saif
Why do not I have such a dull and wonderful introduction as the rest of the great Fortnite Uyutubers
Make one now please
Or I will be very angry
Where is the other person? Oh ha ha
Or I do not know I could do this
* Introduction to the legendary epic Genha Baghdad *
He was melancholy
Wow how wonderful they were
Ali has the best introductions
These are the places where I have lost my life
This is really something crazy
Oh God, the third one
I have not tried this all my life
No one ever did that
Reeyeye
no no no
I want more
Come on
Dance for your father;
9 million views!
9 million views
I'm not jealous because